def cold(age):
    n=input("enter is this your first visit for this issue. ENTER Y for yes and N for no")
    if n=='N':
        hospital(address)
    else:
        if age>6:
            d=input("Enter A:If duration of cold less than 3 days, B:if duration of cold more thn 3 days and less than 8, C:if 8 or more days")
            if d=='A':
            
                print('''Home remedies
                    The most effective and common home remedies for a cold include gargling with saltwater, rest, and staying hydrated.
                    ''')
            elif d=='B':
                print('''Topical anticholinergics, such as ipratropium bromide 0.03% nasal spray, may help reduce a runny nose 
                        Topical anticholinergics :  atropine (Atropen)
                                                    belladonna alkaloids.
                                                    benztropine mesylate (Cogentin)
                                                    clidinium.

                        Sometimes, a runny nose is a symptom of an allergic reaction. If this symptom is due to an allergy and not a cold, antihistamines may help.
                        Antihistamines : Brompheniramine (Dimetane)
                                         Cetirizine (Zyrtec)
                                         Chlorpheniramine (Chlor-Trimeton)
                                         Clemastine (Tavist)
                        
                        Decongestants can help relieve a stuffy nose.
                        Decongestants : Afrin, Dristan, Vicks Sinex (oxymetazoline)
                                        Sudafed PE, Suphedrin PE (phenylephrine)
                                        Silfedrine, Sudafed, Suphedrin (pseudoephedrine)

                        Topical nasal sprays offer quick relief but may cause rebound congestion with overuse. 
                        People should restrict using decongestants to a maximum of 3 consecutive days.
                        Topical nasal sprays : Afrin
                                               Flonase 
                                               Nasacort''')
            else:
                hospital(address)
        else:
            print('''Ease a child’s cold symptoms with these home remedies:

                    1.Rest: Children who have a cold may be more lethargic and irritable than normal. Let them stay home from school and rest until the cold has cleared.

                    2.Hydration: It’s very important children with a cold get plenty of fluids. Colds can dehydrate them quickly. Make sure they’re drinking regularly. Water is great. Warm drinks like tea can pull double duty as a sore throat soother.

                    3.Food: Kids with a cold may not feel as hungry as usual, so look for ways to give them calories and fluids. Smoothies and soups are two great options.

                    4.Salt gargles: They aren’t the most pleasant experience, but gargling with warm, salty water can make sore throats feel better. Saline nasal sprays can also help clear nasal congestion.

                    5.Warm baths: A warm bath can sometimes help reduce a fever and ease mild aches and pains that are common with a cold.''')
            
            
            